docs: rework print debug logs (#5921)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: docs/guides/references/troubleshooting.mdx

## Print DEBUG logs

> Cypress is built using the [debug](https://github.com/debug-js/debug) module.

Reviewer: I know you didn't write this, but this is a really weird statement. 

```suggestion
Cypress utilizes the [debug](https://github.com/debug-js/debug) module.
```

> That means you can receive helpful debugging output by running Cypress with
> the environment variable `DEBUG` set to `cypress:*` prior to running `cypress run` or `cypress open`.

Reviewer: People have gotten confused with system env vars and Cypress env vars in the past.

```suggestion
That means you can receive helpful debugging output by running Cypress with a system-level environment variable `DEBUG` set to `cypress:*` prior to running `cypress run` or `cypress open`.
```

> **Note:** you will see a LOT of messages when running with the

Reviewer: Just noting some facts if you want to incorporate it. It's also possible that printing a large amount of DEBUG statement could impact performance of test runs, so it should really only be used when something specifically needs debugging. It's always best to try to target the least amount of logs identify to see the problem.

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/pull/5921/commits/d62fb2a091a634f9463813abf78913f8537e767f

`DEBUG=...` setting.

> **On macOS, Linux or Windows (Git Bash):**

Reviewer: I would say that capturing logs in docker or CI is sometimes a challenge for people - not sure if you want to link to the other docs on that in docker-images / github actions, etc.

Author: Good suggestion. I'll make a note to tackle this subject in a follow-on PR.
